Yogfom'log lllln'gha, the Sun-Eater

M33.456

From the secret files of the Vera Cruz Paranormal Research Group

Cornucópia is the fourth planet of a star system of ten. Owned by a group of Olisbonian Arcadian pastorialists and farmers, its inhabitants believed that communion with nature was the key to a fulfilling life. The Arcadians believed that man's enviroment was nature, and that man should keep as close to nature as possible. They were painted as luddites and regressives, but that would be a lie.

-----------

"I remember when it started. I always loved astronomy, and the stars. I lived a simple life, as most people in our planet did. I lived in my family's fields, where we got by through the raising of quality "natural" sheep, whose products we often traded with interplanetary trade, for genuine sheep milk and fleece were much in demand among the elite classes of humans in this galaxy. Good, honest money."

-----------

For the people of Cornucópia believed that technology was useful and should be used when needed, but not obsessed about. They preferred to limit their technology, keeping their factories and industries bellow the ground, or in places whose pollution would't matter, like their two moons. They kept their cities small, vertical and green.

The first sign of something wrong was detected by automated astronomical sensors. Signs of pertubed orbits in the outer parts of its star system.

----------

"I remember the first signs, and to this day, I wonder if I could have done anything to prevent it, to change our fate. Yet, now as then, I perceive that there was no way I, a lone young amateur astronomer and shepherd, could have realized what was truly happening.

For what was happening, at first, looked natural."

----------

At first, none gave it much thought - those pertubed orbits were normal, as the system was not a solitary star, but a double system, orbited by a very fast-orbiting star, one which returned every generation to a closer orbit. The "Pass of the Second Sun" was not only normal, but a cause for a great planet-wide festival that marks the start of a new generation.

----------

"It was normal, to us, for the outer orbits to change. The Second Sun was returning, and with it, great cheer would come. I started to think about the coming festival. My worries, then, were about inviting the neighbooring girl to go with me to the great festival. She was nice, demure and fun, her dark chocolate skin and beautiful curls much attractive to me, and we always had a good... connection.

Father told me things were not always peaceful and nice. Our planet had once faced much strife, such as when we fought the machines and the Orkish invasions. My father served in the Ordinanças, and he was once part of a company that joined the 135th Army Group Levy, to serve the Rei and the Imperador.

I still remember his tales, they were wild but I always knew they were real - fighting shoulder-to-shoulder alongside exotic auxiliaries, his friends and acquitainces in the Ordinanças and even with the Nobles Houses and their super-human capabilities, of fighting Orks, and even sinister tales of fighting enormous armored super-men and their vast armies of the dead and necrotic monsters.

But the sacrifices of men like father brought us peace. Our planet was well defended, and peaceful. Things were good, people lived well. I thought horrors like what happened to my father, were things of wild epochs and distant, savage frontiers. How wrong was I.

I miss those times. Life was so simpler then..."



---------

Some weeks later, an amateur astronomer discovered strange orbital disturbances. The gravity of the returning star could not account for such mass, beyond that of a single star. Speculation ensued. At last, theorists started believing that the Second Sun brought something extra with it, a Rogue planet that existed in the void between stars. Theories were made, then revised.

----------

"... For a few days, things continued as normal, amateur and professional astronomers telling the youth about the wonder of the Second Sun's passing.
But, things changed. The orbits started changing in strange ways. I heard this from a friend, a bit of a crank, said he gazed at his family telescope, and found the outer planet orbits a bit strange.

For weeks, astronomers argued back and forth, watching our pollution-free skies for any sign of what the mysterious new mass was.
I decided to look into it myself, maybe I would be the first witness to a new astronomical discovery.

What I saw, shocked me."

-----------

The gravitational pertubations increased. Dwarf planets in distant orbits fell out of their orbits in brusque, sudden movements, as if strongly tugged by a great mass. The inner planets were starting to be affected, and eventually it was reasoned that the other, enigmatic mass was comparable to that of a large star.

A seriously omnious sensation began to be felt by every single dweller of Cornucópia. There were no further stars nearby, near the orbit of the Second Sun, or at least not of the required mass, for the people of Cornucópia loved astronomy and had good technical aptitute towards those matters. They would have detected, studied and gazed at such objects.

Aprehension filled the citizens of Cornucúpia as the mystery came closer to their solar system.
----------

"I saw a darkness there. Something dark, gasoseous, vast beyond imagining, blotting out the light of distant stars and the outer planetoids. Dark like nothing in nature can be.

I observed it for days. Others astronomers were told and joined me as well, for astronomy was a planetary passion common in peoples with planets without pollution and a love for nature. I watched it constantly, intently, almost obssessively. There was nothing like it, and something in my head told me it was not a good thing. I started having sudden nightmares about it."


----------

... The discovery of a immense and utterly strange black cloud beyond the edge of the star system
